Ahh, Hot-Hot
Yo! Wassup?!
What it be like, Fresh?
What's happenin'?
It's all gravy, baby
It's gorgeous
And Tha Block Is Hot; what's up, nigga?
Aww man, it's magnificent, magnificent
Look, nigga, my block so hot when my hoes walk, them diamonds poppin' out they toenail, woadie
Bling-bling, bling-bling
But it's all gravy
Ya heard me?
The block is full of lava, nigga (Ha)
Got them po-po's pullin' up actin' crazy, nigga, what's happenin'?
Tha Block Is Hot, like a barbeque at Satan's crib (Off top, I'm loving that)
Tha Block Is Hot, like the Delgado Clinic, ya' heard me
This lil' nigga Wayne is so motherfuckin' on fire (Wayne is gorge-rific!)
A hose pipe couldn't put this nigga out
Man, Baby, have a heart, have a heart
This lil' nigga here is greasy (Have a heart)
He cheesy (Have a heart)
This lil 4 foot millionaire is on fire, woadie
Aww man, that's wonderful
And he know he representin' with the motherfuckin' Big Tymers
B. Geezy, Turk, Juvey, come to lay it down, nigga (Who else?)
You still laying down hot ass tracks
I gotta give you the motherfuckin' "Hot Beat Of The Year Award"
CHING!-POW-WHOA-ZIP-CUH-SHAZAM (Ya heard me)
I love that, I love that, I can love that truly beautiful, boy
Now check it out, and it's all gravy (bring it on, bring it on)
This lil nigga here is hotter than a motherfuckin' torch at the Mardi Gras season (Ha!)
Weezy, lay it out like a carpet, lay it out (Do what ya' do, boy)
Lay it out, lay it out (Do what ya' do, boy) lay it out
I'm lovin' that, Fresh, you laid that motherfucker
Fuck 2000! We going all the way to 3000!
How you loving that Playboy?! (Whoadie!)
Whooooadieee!



I put piss stains on private planes, 'cause it's my jet nigga
Money ain't shit 'cause my Rottweilers drink Moët
Diamond baguette bracelets for my lovers
Player, I use Cristal to lubricate rubbers
Who got shit on his wrist that cost three nickel
Who got the project on lock when that nigga slanging pickle
Who got a Benz, a Prowler, playboy, and a 'vette
Tell the truth. Who fucked you on the same night when we met?
Now, who got baby mamas from the N.O. to New York
Who got every bitch's attention in this motherfucker when he talk
Now who the fuck we talking about? Look. Y'all don't know?
I'll give you a hint: see that bitch you with?
He fucked that ho
Now look here, y'all ain't seen my watch, it's like 'Harlem World' video
White diamonds, red rubies, blue baguettes, I don't know
Shorty, when the next time I'mma be up in your bed
I love you? You love me?
Well go 'head on and gimme some head

Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life

I told 'Soul' I need something
With some hell of a ice
Nigga came back with a hell of a price
That ain't nothing, these hoes doing hell of wrong
Calling these niggas on our cell phone
Bitch riding Benz on 20-inch chrome
Give me the key, the car, ho, and the alarm
For my Prowler, my Jag, my Benz and my home
Bitch you'll never ride 20-inch chrome
I love to shine, that's why the chopper's mine
Hit my block in my Benz, ho, with stretch tires
Bought a new car that I couldn't drive
Bought it to tunes before a nigga could drive
When I put the Bose system right behind my eyes
With the VCs and TVs so a nigga could shine
Let my ice bling bling like a 9 to 5
And tell all my hoes they don't need no job

Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life

I ride the best, from a Benz, to a Jag, to a Beamer, to a Lex
Might fly first class on Delta, helicopter or a jet
I'm a stunter, I'm a repper, Geezy like to shine
Drink Don, Moët, and Crissy, see that's the finest wine
20 inches is the only thing I sit my shit on
Don't bring yo bitch around me 'cause my dick she'll wanna sit on
And I ain't gonna tell her nothing different, that's your issue
But after she come back, your best out is not to kiss her
Whole city saying damn, look at Fresh pinky ring
Look at B.G. watch, that bitch bling-a-ling-a-ling
I'm a ice wearer, trust me, you will never
See me sporting nothing that ain't 20 Gs or better
Me and Wayne take the left, Juve and Baby take the right
It's dark in the room, we hold up our watches and it's light
Cash Money Millionaires living a hell of a life
Like my nigga Weezy said, we surrounded by ice

Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life

Whoa, whoa, whoa
Now I'm shining beaming glossing, Big Tyming stunting and flossing
Lamborghini sitting on broaders with two more in my garages
Plus a blue and black Ferrari with Nintendo and Atari
Man I swear the car is awesome, vroom! Sorry, we lost 'em
I'm back, I pull up smelling like dime sacks and cognac
I leave in the Hummer, hour later I'm flying back
Whoosh, private jet's about to land
The women fall out when I let them touch my hand
I get out the plane into a Mercedes Benz van
TVs all over with chrome 20-inch fans, damn
Goddamn, man, I am L-I-L Weezy off the heezy
But still in awe, ice flooding on my watch
And in my grill and all, Porsche Box', front blocks
Skrrt! Peeling off, me and Slim in the Rover
Beatrice brick holder, Cash Money young soldier

Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life


What
What?
Nigga, huh?
Huh?
Nigga, what?
What?!
What?
Check!

I'm shooting, flee
Polluting you and your niggas, better run from me
Coming through and I'm strapped with a 223
You be losing your life when you caught up in beef
What? Nigga nigga, shit!
Now, I'm riding, ride
With a K on my side
50 shots flying, fly
Nigga, you want beef with I?
I hope you lying, but why?
In the middle of the night, I be fatigued, camouflaging by
By-bahda-by-by-by
Huh? Nigga, what? Taking me for a joke, and watch me hurt you
Boys there, they be commercial I beat 'em 'til they're purple
I'm a little bitty nigga, but I got a big old chop, 2s that'll kill 50 niggas
Did you do it? Thought it was cool?
But you still in it, nigga
You're so ugly with your boys, but I'm still pretty, nigga
Lil' Wayne representing
I cut like blades, I bust heads, and break legs
I tear up dreads, take out braids, now go figure
What? I'm from the 17th, I back down from no nigga
Had me four deep in four cars on your block with four triggers
Man you'll niggas ain't up for this!
You'll hating on me, you can suck my dick!
Didn't I tell you to chill?
Guerrilla, you can play if you want
Find yourself in the back of my trunk
Ho, feminine punk!

Now, nigga, what?! Huh?! (What?!)
Nigga, what you wanna do?!
Nigga, huh?! What?! What?!
What you wanna do?!
Nigga, I say what?! Huh?! Huh?!
What you wanna do?!
Nigga, huh?! What?! What?!
What you wanna do?!

Now I be Wayne, Wayne, Wayne from CMB
50 shots, flame flame flame from artillery
Bullets, they stain stain stain burn like rubber on the streets
(Screech!) If you can't hang, find your way from 'round me
Little soldier in all black off of A.N.E
Apple N' Eagle, my nigga, so ain't no play in me
Yeah, I may be a little small and all that
But I'm 'bout war, toting a gat, flipping a car and all that
Now freeze! Me and my Gs hitch your hood like fleas
Soldier rag, black 'bauds, white Ts, and Rees
Please, tell me that you was full of weed
When you said you want beef
'Cause I don't think none of you'll families wan' see you'll bleed
I know what the hell it be
You'll niggas don't listen up when we speak
I be ten-deep
Letting 223s chop trees
Rabbit told me not to be weak, and let a nigga play me
So he who take the biggest bite, lose all of his teeth
Hook up with Juve, Turk, and B.G
Open niggas like kis
G I bet some Gs, boy, can't wet a HB
Or Steve's CMBs make the scene off the heez
All you'll beef-bs be deceased when we ride with Gs!

Nigga, what! Huh! What!
What you wanna do?!
Nigga, what, nigga, what?! Nigga, huh?!
What you wanna do?!
I say what! Huh! What!
What you wanna do?!
Nigga, what! Huh?!
Nigga, what you wanna do?!

Look, dog you can be stupid if you want, watch, it be war
Or all you drive the car, I hit the block and cut 'em off
Whole nation gon' fall when Wayne spins the cut
Guns up, nigga, what! I clutch and bust
Niggas duck and hide when I ride
I load the forty-five and explode on your side
My niggas, Mike and Mario, they got them 2s for me
And I spin a nigga Ben until he use to me
I'm on a 3000-dollar duck on your block, just waiting
Nonna them niggas could take me, I was too intoxicated
But, nigga, if you want war with me, buster be 'bout your issue
Hit your set with my nigga with them things to split you
Picture a little nigga dressed in black with a big old gun
In front your house, shooting, (bah!) hollering out, "Nigga what?!"

Nigga, what! Huh! What?!
What you wanna do?!
Nigga, what! Huh! What?!
What you wanna do?!
Nigga, I say huh?! What?!
Nigga, what you wanna do?!
Have me in all black, busting back at your crew!
Now I say, what! Huh! What?!
What you wanna do?!
I say, huh?! What?!
Nigga, what you wanna do?!
Nigga, what?! Huh?!
Nigga, what you wanna do?!
Have me in all black, busting at your crew!
What! What! What!
Huh?! Huh?!
Nigga nigga nigga, what ch'all want?
Nigga, what ch'all niggas wan' do?
Nigga, what?! Huh?! Huh?!

Bangladesh
Young Money!
You dig?
Mack, I'm going in

A millionaire, I'm a Young Money millionaire
Tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
I'm a venereal disease, like a menstrual bleed
Through the pencil, and leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
'Cause I don't write shit, 'cause I ain't got time
'Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar
And the almighty power of that ch-cha-cha-chopper
Sister, brother, son, daughter, father; mother-fuck a copper
Got the Maserati dancing on the bridge, pussy popping
Tell the coppers: "Ha-ha-ha-ha
You can't catch him, you can't stop him."
I go by them goon rules: if you can't beat 'em, then you pop 'em
You can't man 'em, then you mop 'em
You can't stand 'em, then you drop 'em
You pop 'em 'cause we pop 'em like Orville Redenbacher

Motherfucker, I'm ill

A million here, a million there
Sicilian bitch with long hair, with coke in her derriere
Like smoking the thinnest air
I open the Lamborghini, hoping them crackers see me
Like, "Look at that bastard Weezy!"
He's a beast, he's a dog, he's a motherfucking problem
OK, you're a goon, but what's a goon to a goblin?
Nothing, nothing, you ain't scaring nothing
On some faggot bullshit: call 'em Dennis Rodman
Call me what you want, bitch! Call me on my Sidekick!
Never answer when it's private, damn, I hate a shy bitch
Don't you hate a shy bitch? Yeah, I ate a shy bitch
She ain't shy no more, she changed her name to My Bitch
Yeah, nigga, that's my bitch, so when she ask
For the money when you through, don't be surprised, bitch!
And it ain't tricking if you got it
But you like a bitch with no ass: You ain't got shit
Motherfucker, I'm ill, not sick
And I'm OK, but my watch sick, yeah, my drop sick
Yeah, my Glock sick, and my knot thick — I'm it

Motherfucker, I'm ill

See, they say I'm rapping like B.I.G., Jay, and 2Pac
André 3000, where is Erykah Badu at? Who that?
Who that said they're gon' beat Lil Wayne?
My name ain't Bic, but I keep that flame, man
Who that one that do that, boy?
You knew that true that, swallow
And I be the shit, now you got loose bowels
I don't owe you like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
And I'd rather be pushing flowers
Than to be in the pen sharing showers
Tony told us this world was ours
And the Bible told us every girl was sour
Don't play in her garden and don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
Boy, I got so many bitches, like I'm Mike Lowrey
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me
Motherfucker, I say "Life ain't shit without me."
Chrome lips poking out the coupe, look like it's pouting
I do what I do, and you do what you can do about it
Bitch, I can turn a crack rock into a mountain—dare me
Don't you compare me, 'cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me but they hear me
They don't feel me but they fear me
I'm illy, C3, 3 Peat

Pl-Pl-Play-N—Play-N—Play-N-Skillz!
Yeah, yeah!
I need a Winn-Dixie grocery bag full of money (Woo! Uh-huh!)
Right now to the VIP section (Woo, yeah!)
You got Young Mula in the house tonight, baby (Yeah!)
Yeah
Haha, yeah (Uh-huh!)
Young (ay-hey)
Young, Young, Young, Young Mula baby!

If you got money (Yeah) and you know it (Yeah)
Take it out your pocket and show it; then, throw it, like (Fly!)
This-a-way (Fly!), that-a-way (Fly!)
This-a-way (Fly!), that-a-way
If you're getting mugged from everybody you see
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like (Fly!)
This-a-way (Fly!), that-a-way (Fly!)
This-a-way (Fly!) that-a-way (Yeah, uh-huh, alright, alright)

Now, I was bouncing through the club
She love the way I Diddy-bop
I see her boyfriend hating like a city cop
Now, I ain't never been a chicken but my fifty cocked
Say, I ain't never been a chicken, but my semi cocked
Now, where your bar at? I'm tryna rent it out
And we so 'bout it-'bout it, now what are you about?
DJ show me love, he say my name when the music stop
"Young Money, Lil Wayne," then the music drop
I make it snow, I make it flurry
I make it all back tomorrow, don't worry
Yeah, young Wayne on them hoes
A.K.A Mr. Make-It-Rain-On-Them-Hoes—Young Money!

If you got money (Yeah) and you know it (Yeah)
Then take it out your pocket and show it; then, throw it like (Fly!)
This-a-way (Fly!) that-a-way (Fly! Yeah)
This-a-way (Fly!), that-a-way
If you're getting mugged from everybody you see (Yeah)
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like (Fly! Come on)
This-a-way (Fly!), that-a-way (Fly! Come on)
This-a-way (Fly!), that-a-way (Streets!)

It go one for the money, two for the show
Now clap your hands if you got a bankroll (Chris)
Like some clap-on lights in this bitch
I'ma be clapping all night in this bitch (Uh-huh)
Lights off (Uh-huh), mask on (Uh-huh)
Creep silent (Uh-huh), she smiling (Ugh)
He mugging—who cares?
'Cause my goons are right here
Like it's nothing to a big dog
And I'm a Great Dane, I wear eight chains
I'm in so much ice, they yell, "Skate, Wayne!"
She wanna fuck Weezy, but she wanna rape Wayne

If you got money (Yeah, and I'ma let her) and you know it (Yeah)
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like (Fly! Uh-huh)
This-a-way (Fly! Uh-huh), that-a-way (Fly! Uh-huh)
This-a-way (Fly! Uh-huh) that-a-way (Yeah)
If you're getting mugged from everybody you see (Yeah, ugh)
Then hang over the wall of the VIP, like—

OK, it's young Wayne on them hoes
A.K.A Mr. Make-it-Rain-On-Them-Hoes, like ay!
And everybody say,
"Mr. Rainman can we have a rainy day?"
Bring an umbrella, please bring an umbrella
'Ella, 'ella, 'ella, ay!
Bitch ain't shit but a ho and a trick
But you know it ain't tricking if you got it
You know we ain't fucking if you not thick
And I'll cool your ass down if you think you're hot shit
So Rolex-watch this: I do it, four-five-six
My click-clack goes the black four-fifth
And just like it, I'll blow that shit
'Cause, bitch, I'm the bomb, like "Tick, tick," bitch!

If you got money (Yeah) and you know it (Yeah)
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like (Fly!)
This-a-way (Fly!), that-a-way (Fly!)
This-a-way (Fly!), that-a-way
If you're getting mugged from everybody you see
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like
This-a-way (Fly!), that-a-way (Fly!)
This-a-way (Fly!), that-a-way

Yeah, it's young Wayne on them hoes
AKA Mr. Make-It-Rain-On-Them-Hoes
Yeah, young Wayne on them hoes
Make a stripper fall in love: T-Pain on them hoes, uh-huh

Um... Young Mula, baby

I'm not saying this to shake you up (saying) (Woo)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (saying)
It's all good when we're making love
All I ask is don't take our love (That's all I ask, baby)
For granted 'cause granted
My love for you is real (Oh) (Yeah)
And if you don't love me
Somebody else will (Somebody else)
Baby girl don't you ever get too comfortable (Yeah)
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

Yeah, to the left, to the left
If you wanna leave, be my guest, you can step
Feeling irreplaceable, listening to Beyoncé
Well, OK, I put you out on your b-day
Hey, now if you rocking with Weezy
Bedroom in the bank, baby we're safe
I got game like EA
But I wanna let you play
And don't I treat you like soufflé?
Don't I look at you like I see a new day?
And don't I do what I do say?
I'm through talking so I'ma let you 'face
And let 'ye do 'ye

I'm not saying this to shake you up (saying)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (saying) (Yeah)
It's all good when we're making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted 'cause granted (Yeah)
My love for you is real (Oh)
And if you don't love me
Somebody else will (Tryna tell her)
Baby girl, don't you ever get too comfortable
Yeah
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

Yeah, let me catch my breath
Talking 'bout leaving and you ain't gone yet
And if you leave, leave correct
And I'mma send a jet to pick up the next
And if you leave, you're leaving the best
So you will have to settle for less
And I am no Elliott Ness
I don't handcuff, I don't arrest
I do confess to the murder scene
'Cause under them sheets, I am a mess
Yes, baby, you're blessed
Now just don't jump your nest, come on, yeah

I'm not saying this to shake you up (Saying) (Haha)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (Saying)
It's all good when we're making love (We good)
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted 'cause granted
My love for you is real (Oh)
And if you don't love me
Somebody else will
Baby girl don't you ever get too comfortable
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

Yeah, it's no sweat, no sweat
I would never 1-2-3-4-get about you
Your love, your sex
You know I work you out like Bowflex
Haha, all jokes, no stress
Love, live life, proceed, progress
Make sure the neighbors get no rest
We can get together, never disconnect
Yeah, your back, your neck
Funny how that song haven't got old yet
To us, so let's project
You stay in, never incorrect—'face!

I'm not saying this to shake you up (Saying) (Yeah)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (Saying) (I got one)
It's all good when we're making love
All I ask is don't take our love (Yeah)
For granted, 'cause, granted (Hahaha)
My love for you is real (Oh)
And if you don't love me
Somebody else will (Irreplaceable, huh?)
Baby girl, don't you (Yeah)
Ever (Ha) get too comfortable
Don't get too comfortable, ayy
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

Yeah
Word to God, my mama gon' like this one
Yeah
Yo, I think everybody gonna like this one
Yeah, I got one
Thank you, Mr. West
Carter
Trey
I'm out


Where's my coffee?
Good morning, Dr. Carter (Hey sweetie)
Looks like it's gonna be a long day
Ah, another one huh? What we got
Your first patient (Yeah)
Is suffering from a lack of concepts (Uh-huh)
Originality (Ugh)
His flow is weak (Another one)
And he has no style (Ugh)
What you got for him? (Tss, OK)

Let me put my gloves on and my scrubs on
Dr. Carter to the rescue
Excuse me if I'm late, but like a thief it takes
Time to be this great, uh, so just wait
Your style is a disgrace, your rhymes are fifth place
And I'm just grace, one, uno, ace
And I'm trying to make your heart beat like bass
Hmm-mm, but you're sweet like cake
And I come to fix wherever your shell break
Where is your originality? You are so fake
So picture me like a gallery, capture what I say
All I need is one mic, all I need is one take
Like, hey! Brighter than a sun ray
Got a pistol on a playground, watch the gun-play
Like, no kidding, no kids in the way
But the kids do watch, gotta watch what we say
Gotta work everyday, gotta not be cliché
Gotta stand out like Andre 3K
Gotta kick it, kick it like a sensei
You gotta have faith, you gotta, gotta
Wait, wait, I think I, I think I lost him
(Flat line)
(Dial 118 please)

Good afternoon, Dr. Carter (Nurse)
I don't know about this one. His confidence is down, vocab and metaphors needs work, and he lacks respect for the game
(uh, let me see)
You think you can save him?

OK, respect is in the heart, so that's where I'mma start
And a lot of heart patients don't make it
But, hey kid, plural, I graduated
'Cause you can get through anything if Magic made it
And that was called recycling, r-e-reciting something
'Cause you just like it, so you say it just like it
Some say it's biting but I say it's enlightening
Besides, Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest
And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest
And Dr. Jeezy can fix you back up the nicest
Arthritis in my hand from writing
But I'm a doctor, they don't understand my writing
So I stopped writing, now I'm like lightning
And you ain't Vince Young so don't clash with the Titan
Fast and exciting, my passion is frightening
Now let me put some more vocab in your IV
Here, take this Vicodin, like it and love it
And confidence has no budget
So pay me no mind, I don't walk it like I talk it 'cause I run it
I don't do it 'cause I done it, and I'm in the emergency un-it
God dunnit I've lost another one
(Flat line)

Good evening, Dr. Carter. It's been a long day. But this one looks much better than the others. His respect is back up, concepts sound good, his style is showing strong signs of improvement. All he needs now is his swagger
OK, let me take my gloves off then

Swagger tighter than a yeast infection
Fly, go hard, like geese, erection
Fashion patrol, police detection
Eyes stay tight like Chinese Connection
I stay tight like pussy at night
Baby, don't get me wrong, I could do that pussy right
But I'm too wrong to write, too fresh to fight
Too paid to freestyle, too paid to freestyle
Had to say it twice, swagger so nice
And don't ask me shit unless it concern a price
And I don't rap fast, I rap slow
'Cause I mean every letter in the words
In the sentence of my quotes
Swagger just flows sweeter than honey oats
That swagger, I got it, I wear it like a coat
Wait, as I put the light down his throat
I can only see flow, his blood starting to flow
His lungs starting to grow, this one's starting to show
Strong signs of life, where's the stitches? Here's the knife
Smack his face, his eyes open, I reply "What a night"
"Welcome back, Hip-Hop — I saved your life"

He looks good, his vitals are up
He's looking good, he's looking good
I think we got one, Dr. Carter, I think we got one
Yep, yep, we got one, we saved him he's good
He's good, we got one, he's good
He's good, we got him
We saved him, he's a go
He's good

This is, this is, this is, this is
We are not the same, I am a Martian
We are not the same, I am a Martian
Greetings from Planet Weezy
We will begin transmission in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1

Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go 'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy

We are not the same, I am a Martian
And I'm hotter than summer rain like Carl Thomas
Lock, load, ready to aim at any target
I could get your brains for a bargain like I bought it from Target
Hip-hop is my supermarket
Shopping cart full of fake hip-hop artists
I'm starving, sorry, I gotta eat all it
And I'll be back in the morning

Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go 'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy

We are not the same, I am a alien
Like Gonzales, young college
Student, who done just flipped the game like Houston
I'm used to Promethazine in two cups, I'm screwed up
And you ain't shit if you ain't never been screwed up
Flow so sick make you wanna throw your food up
Ice-water chest, and my wrist like a cool cup
Two twin clippers, I give your ass a crew cut
I get bread like cold cuts, you know what?
Your girl go down fast, come up slow, but I never slow up
Weezy!

Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go 'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy

They don't make 'em like me no more
Matter of fact, they never made it like me before
I'm rare, like Mr. Clean with hair
No brake lights on my car rear
I never had life and I never had fear
I rap like I done died and gone to heaven, I swear
And yeah, I'm a bear, like black and white hair, so I'm polar
And they can't get on my system 'cause my system is the solar
I am so far from the othars, I meant others
I just eat them for supper, get in my spaceship and hover, hover

Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go 'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy

We are at war with the universe, the sky is falling
And the only thing that can save us now
Is sensitivity and compassion
But I know one thing's for sure
I'm gonna get my kicks before it all burns down

Some say tragedy's hard to get over
But sometimes that tragedy means it's over
Soldier, from the academy league of rollers
I deny being down though they seem to hold us
My shoulders are strong I prove 'em wrong
I ain't doing nothing but moving on
Let the truth be known
But they talked that freedom at us
And didn't even leave a ladder, damn

I work at the corner store
We all got problems, problems
No one's gonna fly down low
No one's gonna save us now
How you feel you're not alone
We're all just jealous, jealous
We don't reach the sky no more
We just can't overcome, no

You tie my hands what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad?
What is my destiny?
You tie my hands what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad?
What am I gonna be?

I knock on the door, hope isn't home
Fate's not around the luck's all gone
Don't ask me what's wrong ask me what's right
And I'mma tell you what's life, and did you know?
I lost everything, but I ain't the only one
First came the hurricane, then the morning sun
Excuse me if I'm on one
And don't trip if I light one, I walk a tight one
They tryna tell me keep my eyes open
My whole city underwater, some people still floating
And they wonder why black people still voting
'Cause your president still choking
Take away the football team, the basketball team
And all we got is me to represent New Orleans, shit
No governor, no help from the mayor
Just a steady beating heart and a wish and a prayer
Let's pray

These friends they come and go
But I got family, family
These kids so fast they grow
They learn so quickly now
That there's nowhere to go
That there's no future, future
Don't make this here so low
And we can't overcome, no

You tie my hands what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad?
What is my destiny?
You tie my hands what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad?
What am I gonna be?

And if you come from under that water then there's fresh air
Just breathe, baby, God's got a blessing to spare
Yes I know the process is so much stress
But it's the progress that feels the best
'Cause I came from the projects straight to success and you're next
So try they can't steal your pride it's inside
Then find it and keep on grinding
'Cause in every dark cloud there's a silver lining
I know

See right now we're just riding on love
A shot in the dark
We ain't trying to do nothing but hit the heart
We need love
That's all y'all, that's all

You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?

Born right here in the USA
But, due to tragedy looked on by the whole world as a refugee
So accept my emotion
Do not take it as an offensive gesture
It's just the epitome of my soul
And I must be me
We got spirit y'all, we got spirit
We got soul y'all, we got soul
They don't want us to see, but we already know

ay
ay (yeah)
Hey (yeah)
ay, ay, ay
(Valentino) Woo woo woo! (yeah, yeah) yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (yeah) yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah) Woo woo woo! Yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (Bobby Valentino)

When I get up all in you (yeah)
We can hear the angels calling us (chyeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (yeah)
And when I'm in that thing, I'll make that body sang
(Deezle on the beat) I make it say
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay) wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (haha)
I make you say

Yeah, doing a buck in the latest drop
I got stopped by a lady cop, haha
She got me thinking I can date a cop, haha
'Cause her uniform fit her so tight
She read me my rights
She put me in her car, she cut off all the lights
She said I have the right to remain silent
Now I got her hollering, sounding like a siren
Talking 'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
And I know she the law, and she know I'm the boss
And she know I get high above the law
And she know I'm raw, she know I'm from the streets
And all she want me to do is fuck the police
Talking 'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee)
Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah

When I get up all in you
We can hear the angels calling us (yeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (um)
And when I'm in that thing, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (yeah)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (hey) I'll make you say

Haha, and after we got done
I said, "Lady, what's your number?" She said "911."
Hah, emergency only
Head doctor perform surgery on me
Yeah, and now I'm healed
I make her wear nothing but handcuffs and heels
Then I beat it like a cop
Rodney King, baby, yeah I beat it like a cop
Hahah! Beat it like a cop
Rodney King baby said, "Beat it like a cop."
But I ain't tryna be violent
But I'll do the time, but her love is timeless
Mrs. Officer
I know you wish your name was Mrs. Carter, huh?
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Like a cop car

When I get up all in you
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thing, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make you say

Mrs. Officer, Mrs. Officer
Tell your lieutenant get them cuffs off of you
I'm Kidd Kidd, my face on every wanted poster
I'm wanted by every lady cop all over
That ass so big, I catch a battery to hold you
Hands so big, you thought I told, "Pull it over."
She pulled me over, pulled me out the Rover
Then she pulled me closer, do me in back of the car
Put me in handcuffs, start ripping my pants off
All you heard over the dispatcher is
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee)
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh wee)

When I get up all in you
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thing, I'll make that body sang
I make it say

Maybe you can lock me up and throw away the key
Call your sergeant and tell him you can't finish your shift
'Cause it's on tonight
Breakfast in bed turns to breakfast and head
And I can't wait to get it on
I wanna do it all night long, Mrs. Officer

When I get up all in you
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thing, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make you say


Yeah, I see you big bro
I'mma kill these niggas man, yeah

Straight off the block with it (Block with it)
Eagle Street to be specific (Be specific)
I'm peeping at you people different
I pay my dues, you keep the difference (Keep the difference)
I can see the end in the beginning
So I'm not racing, I'm just sprinting
'Cause I don't wanna finish (Wanna finish)
They diminish, I replenish
Scientific, I'm out this world, ho
I wear bright red, like a girl toe
No homo, fingernails dirty
I've been counting dirty money since twelve thirty (Twelve thirty)
AM, weigh them, if they're short, take them
Right back and spray him, amen
Yeah, I just do my Wayne
And every time I do it, I do my thing, yeah
Believe that, like a true story
Rims big, make the car look like it's two stories
If I hop out, that'd be suicide
No back seats, call that paralyze
I don't have a spine, I don't fantasize
I mastermind, then go after mine
You see I handle mine, I dismantle mine
I tote a tool box, bitch, it's hammer time
So excuse me as I nail 'em to something
I'm just repel 'em, I'mma kill 'em
Someone tell 'em, I'mma kill 'em
I'm gon' fill 'em up, his momma can't tell 'em
And the doctors can't heal 'em
I'mma kill 'em and yeah we sell 'em
I know you smell 'em
And if you want it, you could just yell it
And it be in the morning, at your telly
Whole ki go for twenty, half a ki go for eleven
After me there will be nothing
I am legend, and I Will Smith
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch

That's how you let the beat build, bitch
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch
Let the beat build, bitch
And the beat goes
Boom b-boom b-boom
Boom b-boom b-boom, it goes
Boom b-boom b-boom, now say

Heh, c'mon
Just a snare and a 808
Weezy Baby on the mic, D.O.A
OK, I'd like to thank Kanye
And my nigga Deezle
From giving me this Diesel
Like an F-350
Tank never empty
Damn everybody in the bank act friendly
Used to think my shit didn't stink, boy was I wrong
Approving million dollar deals from my iPhone
I'mma take it one-two-way back
Like a silk wife beater and a wave cap
Or the wave pool
At Blue Bayou
And I waved, fool
As I blew by you
Hello, hi you
I can buy you
But I wouldn't try you
Feed you to Piru
I know what I'm doing
I show and prove
And show improvement
And I know just to go into it
Could never amount to going through it
Whatever or how you wanna do it
We can do it like we late
Ay, wait
Deezle, let me just get the 808
As I hit the kill switch
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch

That's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
And the beat goes
Boom b-boom b-boom, it goes
Boom b-boom boom, the beat goes
Boom b-boom boom, now everybody say, yeah

That I am the best rapper alive
I am the best rapper alive
And I will eat you alive
Think I'm lying?

Damn
I'mma get in a nigga chest like a bunch of phlegm
Like a fucking ram
On the hunt for the lamb
I'mma dump 'em, man
In a dumpster can
You ain't a soldier, ask Uncle Sam
Hair nappy like Pam
Nigga fuck your plan
Fuck your man
You ain't a pimp unless you get the same bitch
To fuck your man
And fuck your clan
And all my bitches know that's my plan
Oh god damn
There's my sample
Play it like that's my band
Gotta get it cleared
Suck my dick with red lipstick and don't let it smear
And I got a lot of tattoos, and I meant every tear
And I'm still on that street shit
Back to the beat bitch

That's how you let the beat build, bitch
Now what's how you let the beat build, bitch
Let the beat build, they say
And the beat goes
Boom b-boom b-boom, it goes
Boom b-boom boom, the beat goes
Boom b-boom boom, now everybody say, yeah
And the beat goes
Boom b-boom b-boom, it goes
Boom b-boom boom, the beat goes
Boom b-boom b-boom, they say


Open up your hearts, people
Page one, chapter one, verse motherfucking one
Yeah, uh-huh
I'm drinking hot tea, bitch
Feel me

Yeah, now if you let me, you won't regret me
Shit, if you let me, you won't forget me
Remember? And if you don't then ponder
Hold up, bow! Bow! There's a reminder
I ain't kinda hot, I'm sauna
I sweat money, and the bank is my shower
Haha, and that pistol is my towel
Haha, so stop sweating me, coward
And I would die for ours
Ride for hours, supply the flowers
This is history in the making
Now shut the fuck up and let me make it

Please don't shoot me down, 'cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher
Please don't shoot me down
'Cause I'm flying, I'm higher
I swear this tea is at a real good temperature right now
So am I, yeah, yeah

I spit Alcatraz bars, I know
And D-boys is the only Alphabet Boys I know
Got a .380 on my waist and Rambo back home
No more bandanna 'round my dome, bandanna in my right pocket
Bitch, I'm grown, fuck what you on
Now, watch me stand on the world as I sit in a throne
And if I jump, I'ma fly and look into the eagle's eye
And see, I am nothing like you, why?
Bitch, see, it gets me how nothing gets me or get to me
And if you're shooting for the stars, then just shoot me
But your bullets don't reach Mars
Paws, claws, because I'm a beast, I'm a dog
I'll get you, my picture should be in the dictionary
Next to the definition of "definition"
Because repetition is the father of learning
And son, I know your barrel burning, but—

Please don't shoot me down, 'cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher
Please don't shoot me down
'Cause I'm flying, I'm higher
Ay, I'ma talk to my daddy

Papa, I did it to 'em! I'm a bastard!
And I'ma do it again, like "nigga" backwards
These niggas backwards, but they're behind us
Now, watch me get high, like, time's up
Nah, D., bring the drums back
And watch me hit 'em where their lungs at, like that
I get respect 'cause if I don't, I'ma take it
I see your boys hating, and I see your girls naked
Drum, sound like a naked gun, switch clips with my thumb
Then, I pop another clip in and aim at his vision
'Cause Wayne is his vision, 'cause Wayne is the mission
I'm aiming at a mirror

Please don't shoot me down, 'cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher
And I've done it before
Please don't make me do it no more
Please don't shoot me down
'Cause I'm flying, I'm higher
Watch me soar
Where the fuck is my guitar? Now roar
Oh
Please don't shoot me down, 'cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher


Ow! Ha ha ha ha
Uh-huh
No homo (Young Mula, baby)
I said, "He's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper."
(Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!)
So I let her lick the rapper (ha ha ha!)

She-She-She licked me like a lollipop (Yeah)
She—She licked me like a lollipop, l-lollipop (Yeah)
Sh-Sh-She licked me like a lollipop (Yeah)
She—She licked me like a lollipop, lollipop

Shorty want a thug (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Bottles in the club (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Shorty wanna hump (Yeah)
You know I like to touch (Yeah)
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (She lick me like a lollipop)
Shorty wanna thug, thug, thug (I like that)
Bottles in the club, club, club (I like that, ha ha ha)
Shorty wanna hump
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (C'mon, yeah!)

OK, little mama had a swag like mine (Yeah)
She even wear her hair down her back like mine (Yeah)
I make her feel right when it's wrong, like lying (Yeah)
Man, she ain't never had a love like mine (Yeah)
But man, I ain't never seen a ass like hers (Go!)
That pussy in my mouth, had me lost for words (Go!)
So I told her back it up like, "urp—urp—" (Yeah)
And I made that ass jump like, "jermp—jermp—" (ha ha ha! Yeah!)
And that's when she

She-She-She lick me like a lollipop (Oh yeah, I like that)
She—She lick me like a lollipop (Oh yeah, I like that)
She-She-She lick me like a lollipop (Yeah, I like that)
She—She lick me like a lollipop (little mama!)

Shorty want a thug (shorty want a thug, yeah!)
Bottles in the club
Shorty wanna hump
You know I like to touch (Yeah)
Your lovely lady lumps (Yeah, shorty wanna)
Shorty want a thug (I like that)
Bottles in the club (Hey, I like that)
Shorty wanna hump (I like that)
You know I like to touch (I like that! Ha ha!)
Your lovely lady lumps (Yeah)

OK (Yeah), after you back it up, don't stop (Drop it!)
Drop it, shorty (Yeah) drop it like it's hot
Ooh, drop—dr-dr-dr—drop it like it's hot (Yeah)
Do-Do-Do—Do it, shorty, don't stop (Yeah)

Shorty say the nigga that she with ain't shit (Yeah)
Shorty say the nigga that she with ain't this (Yeah)
Shorty say the nigga that she with can't hit (Yeah)
But, shorty, I'ma hit it, hit it, like I can't miss
And he can't do this (Ugh), and he don't do that (Ugh)
Shorty need a refund (Yeah), need to bring that nigga back (Ugh)
Just like a refund (Ugh), I make her bring that ass back (Ugh, ugh)
And she bring that ass back, because I like that (Ugh, ugh)

Shorty want a thug (Yeah, yeah I like that)
Bottles in the club (Yeah, I like that)
Shorty wanna hump (Yeah, I like that)
You know I like to touch (Yeah)
Your lovely lady lumps (Yeah)

Shorty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop
I said, shorty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop
Shorty wanna lick me like a lollipop
(So I let her lick the rapper) She—She lick me like a lollipop

Shorty want a thug (shorty want a thug)
Bottles in the club (Bottles in the club)
Shorty wan' hump (shorty wan' hump)
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps (ha ha ha)
Stat!

Call me, so I can make it juicy for you (Go!)
Call—Ca-Call me, s—so I can get it juicy for you (Go!)
Call—Ca-Call me, so I can make it juicy for you (Go!)
Call—Call me, s-s-so I can get it juicy for you
Call—Call me, so I can make it juicy for you (I said, hmm, mm)
Call—Ca-Call me, s-so I can get it juicy for you (Hmm, mm)
Call me, so—so I can make it juicy for you (mm, mm)
Call—Call me, so-so-so I can get it juicy for you (Mm-hm)

Shorty want a thug, thug, thug (I like that)
Bottles in the club, club, club (Yeah, I like that)
Shorty wanna hump
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps
I say, shorty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shorty wanna hump
You know I like to touch (Yeah)
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps

I get her on top (Yeah), she drop it like it's hot (Yeah)
And when I'm at the bottom, she Hillary Rodham (Ha)
The middle of the bed (Yeah), giving, getting head (Yuh)
Giving, getting head (Huh), giving, getting head (ha ha)
I said hmm, mm (I like that)
Said hmm, mm, mm (Yeah, I like that)
I said hmm, mm, mm (Yeah, I like that)
Mm-hm

Say, call me, so I can come and do it for you
Call me, so I can come and prove it for you
Call me, so I can make it juicy for you
Call me, so I can get it juicy for you

Shorty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop (ha ha!)
She—She lick me like a lollipop, l-lollipop
I said he's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper
She-She-She lick me like a lollipop
(What you do?) So I let her lick the rapper
She—She lick me like a lollipop

David-David-David-David-David Banner
La, la-la la la, la-la-la, la
La, la-la la la, la-la-la, la
La la, la-la la la, la-la-la, la, la
La, la-la la la, la-la-la, la

Ugh, sitting in a Caddy, Wright like Betty
Floating up the aisle like the bride and her daddy
Hip-hop addict, hip-hop addict
Man, I swear I'm on top like the attic
Yeah, bitch, I be with my dog like Shaggy
And we stay clean, but we get dirty like Harry
Flier than bluebirds, cardinals and canaries
Fuck me, I'm all about "oui" like Paris
Hilton, presidential suite already
I'm richer than Nicole, and I'm a lion like her daddy
I am hotter than the Sunday after Saturday
I swear, I'm a savage like Lil Webbie and Randy
Oscar De La Hoya, box you like a casket
Or Diego Corrales, nigga, keep jabbing
See, my style, it varies like drugs in a alley
My leather so soft, my paint prettier than Halle
Wittier than comedy, nigga write a parody
But I ain't telling jokes apparently
A parent, yeah, my daughter be the twinkle of my eye
You hurt her, you kill me, and nigga, I ain't 'bout to die
See y'all are at ground, and my daughter is my sky
I swear, I look in her face and I just want to break out and fly
Four tears in my face, and you ain't never heard me cry
I'm richer than all y'all, I got a bank full of pride
Ow!

Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
Started with my girlfriend, ended with her homies
Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Nigga, I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet (Ah, ha)

My paint Bubblicious, the motor so vicious
The rims the same color as the wrapper of a Kisses (Hershey's)
I'm hyphy, something like a piston
And when I'm in Detroit, I be balling like a Piston
Oh, and did I mention? I'm fly like a pigeon
Higher than gas prices, you Las Vegas tricking
I'm nine under par in a Bentley golf cart
The Polo be cream, but the Prada's caviar
Weezy, I'm sick from all this touring
He told me, "Sip this and call me in the morning."
Yeah, and I vowed to never trust another woman
In my life—then, I got horny

Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
Started with my girlfriend, ended with her homies
Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Nigga, I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet

See I ain't going nowhere, bitch, you know a nigga been home, honey
Money fucking retarded, call it "Down-Syndrome money"
My cake sick, shit, been diagnosed, "sickle cell bread"
My revenue stream got a disease like a jail bed
Like a mattress from Sing-Sing or way down in Comstock
These bitches call me "Bling King". I shit when the bomb drop
And sprinkle diamonds all over niggas, flawless and D-Class
Then twinkle like a shine, just like a sparkle from clean glass
They're moving on a nigga as I'm walking the valley, ready
And zooming with the cameras like I'm dicking down Halle Berry
My money help me do things that you niggas can't believe
Like purchase purses, places, all them things that you can't conceive
Like interacting with women the caliber of Janet
I sit and master my vision and massacre the planet (Whoa!)
I hope you niggas know just what it is
While I'm counting my paper, niggas know I'm handling my biz
(OK)

Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
Started with my girlfriend, ended with her homies
Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Started out hustling (Ended up balling)
Nigga, I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet


So you've got so many diamonds
You wear all the finest clothes
And your grill is shining
As you're driving down the streets of gold
But you can't blame me
If I set this stage on fire
Ha!

Momma always told me I was crazy
And my hoes say I'm amazing, but I don't listen to a lady
But the bitch say I'm hot, and I say, "No, bitch. I'm blazing."
Like, what the fuck you expect? I'm a motherfucking Cajun
I feel caged in my mind, it's like my flow doing time
I goes crazy inside, but when it comes out—it's fine
Like wine; wait, watch
See? I get better with time like a watch
Osh B'Gosh, Posh Spice husband
Couldn't kick it like I kick it, bitch! I Kix it
No cereal, like a landing, I sticks it
Wherever she asks me, after she licks it
"That's too explicit". Well, why you're listening?
I smell smoke, and something's sizzling
That's her pussy
So, hey, pussy; play with pussy or play pussy

But you can't blame me
If I set this stage on fire
Ha ha ha ha!

They say, "You're nobody 'til somebody kills you."
Well, where I'm from, you're nobody 'til you kill somebody
And you know what? They say, "When you're great
It's not 'murder', it's 'assassinate'."
So assassinate me, bitch
'Cause I'm doing the same shit Martin Luther King did
Checking in the same hotel, in the same suite, bitch
Same balcony, like, "Assassinate me, bitch!"
It's Lil Tunechi
I don't rap, I film movies
With my rap, you could call me
"Mr. Director's Chair". Yeah, and that's a wrap
Cut! On to the next
Not the next scene, bitch, the next check
Some say the X makes the sex 'spec-
So play with the pussy or play pussy

So you've got so many diamonds
Hey, pussy, lay pussy
You wear all the finest clothes
Do what I say, pussy, and I say, I say
And your grill is shining
Lay pussy, lay pussy, lay, pussy, ha ha
As you're driving down the streets of gold
Hey, pussy, ha ha!
But you can't blame me
Hey pussy, don't play pussy
If I set this stage on fire!
Get 'em!

Straight off the corner of Apple and Eagle
Brave heart, bitch, like the times are medieval
Married to the game, divorced the cathedral
Standing on the corner selling porcelain to people
Forced into evil, it's all in your head
It's all so cerebral, call me Knievel
You follow and I lead you straight to the needles
The bottles, the battles, the beetles'll eat you
Momma named Cita—I love you, Cita
'Member when your pussy second husband tried to beat you?
'Member when I went into the kitchen, got the cleaver?
He ain't give a fuck, I ain't give a fuck neither
He could see the devil, see the devil in my features
He could smell the ether, you can see Cita
You can see the Cita, see the Cita in my features
And she don't play neither

But you can't blame me
If I set this stage on fire!

C3, 3Peat


Yes!
What it look like, Alc'?
I'm tryna show these niggas, man
It's that Street Fam, man, we rep that (ha ha ha ha!)
Loso! Street fi-di-di-di-dam (Yes!)

Yo, I'm with 101 niggas, we Dalmatian-doggy-deep (Yes)
And fly with the tongue, so if you're feeling froggy, leap (C'mon)
Kermit, you better think before you ribbit
Don't get murdered over your song before you ad-lib it
I pop up like Xzibit (Yeah), but given I'm at your crib, it's (Yeah)
Not to put no fucking fish tanks in your Civic (Nah)
Fuck getting your ride pimped, you'll get hog-tied, wimp
Have you in the trunk curled up like fried shrimp (ha ha ha ha)
It's been a good year, maybe I should ride blimp (What you think?)
'Cause your boy just stay above the game
They tryna tag him, spray a brother frame
But your shots can't reach me, I'm way above your aim, ha
Go 'head, nigga, say another name
Take this family for a joke (Ay), play them Wayan-brother games
And I'ma Git You Sucka, I be scheming with this Keenan (That's right)
Aiming with this Damon, I'm putting that Major Payne in (Oh)
My Little Man is on you, Marlon and Shawn you (Yeah)
Lay the beef on his noodle, make some Luger lasagna
Forty-cal fettuccine, trey-pound pasta
You reach for this medallion, you must like Italian, nigga
You only see me pushing if the driver's tired (Yes!)
I work the S6 ever since the 5 retired (Yes!)
The drop-top, they say it's Ocean-Drive-inspired
So you can call a cab once your bitch fall for Fab

Ugh, I get money like a motherfucker
Shades darker than a bitch, but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Oh, I'm getting money like a motherfucker (Mr. HD)
Yeah, money you ain't never see (High definition)
Yeah, I got everything, you got nothing (That's how I'm coming at you niggas, you dig? Santana! Ay!)
But you ain't got nothing on me (ha ha ha!)

I'm on the grind 'til the police come (Yeah)
With that pistol on my side, boy, don't be dumb (Ha), or
I let that semi twirl you (Get 'em); now you can follow the drip
'Cause one shot out of the clip'll Jheri-curl you (Ooh)
Leave you sloppy like seconds, obey me like peasants
Or get opened up like presents—please!
My young boys wilding for respect
Slit your throat, have you smiling with your neck, say "cheese" (Ha)
My dough's a bit longer (Yup), my flow is just slaughter (Yup)
My wrist look like frozen Poland Spring water (Damn)
So tell me, boys, tell me, boys, who you think you're messing with? (Who?)
I get money out the ass, that's some expensive shit (Ill!)
Haven't you all heard? (What?) Y'all all herbs (Yup!)
I stick toothpicks (Where?) in y'all hors d'oeuvres
(Listen) I'm a shark, y'all just koi fish
(What else?) Octopus (What else?) Oysters (ha ha!)
Chump! I got my eye on your wifey now (Yeah!)
I have her lick me up (Up!) and then wipe me down (Down!)
She told me you's a nag, you's a bug (Damn!)
She told me I'm a blast, I'm a stud (Damn!)
She told me you'd be beasting, you'd be checking for the burns
So I gave her knee pads for the rug (ha ha!)
It's Skull Gang from the chain to the lifestyle
You surfboard dudes get wiped out—totally

Ugh, oh, I'm getting money like a motherfucker
Shades darker than a bitch, but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Oh, I'm getting money like a motherfucker
Yeah, money you will never see
Yeah, I got everything, you got nothing (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
But you ain't got nothing on me (Uh-huh, check me out)

Get you—three, four—get you
Like the number after one, I'ma get me, too
It's Weezy F.U. Now, you gotta have a baby
My money don't folds nor bends—Mercedes
Maybach, grey-black
And I got a four-four and a 'K, like eight stacks
Fuck your city and your town, I state facts—Take that!
No, better yet, like Diddy: "Take that"
Wait—rats, I hate rats, I clean 'em out like Ajax
Got paper like a fax machine, asi-neen
Damn I mean asinine, I'm dapper don, and after mine
There will be nine, damn I mean, there will be none
I will be one of the greatest things you've ever felt
You've ever seen or heard, Carter, Harvard, y'all scared
Not me, not I, call me "Young Popeye"
Tell Bluto I'm a Nuno, I bring RAL to your funeral
Damn, I mean "funeral", "funeral"
You say "tomato", I say "tomato"
You say "get 'em", I say "got 'em"—yeah, I got 'em!
Man, you better keep paying me 'cause you don't want my problems
I be wilding like Capital One—what is in your wallet?
You fly, but what is it to pilot?
Weezy—I'm at the top, foot up in your bottom
Huh, damn, I mean "foot up in your ass"
I kick that shit, now go and put it in the trash

Deezle! Ugh, I'm getting money like a motherfucker
Shades darker than a bitch, but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Yeah, I'm getting money like a motherfucker
Yeah, money you will never see
Yeah, ugh, ugh
And you ain't got nothing on me
Yeah, I'm getting money like a motherfucker
Shades darker than a bitch, but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Yeah, I'm getting money like a motherfucker
Yeah, big money, nigga
Big money, nigga, big money, nigga
Yeah, and you ain't got nothing on me



Baby, you understand me now
If, sometimes, you see that I'm mad
Don't you know no one alive can always be an angel?
When everything goes wrong, you see some bad

But oh, I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh, Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood

Ugh, what's understood ain't got to be explained
But you don't understand me, so let me explain
Heh, stood in the heat, the flame
The snow, "Please, slow down, hurricane"
The wind blow, my dreads swang
"He had hair like wool, like Wayne"
Huh, dropping ashes in the Bible
I shake 'em out, and they fall on the rifle
Scary, Hail Mary, no tale-fairy
All real, very extraordinary
Perry Mason, facing the barrel if he tattle
My God is my judge; no gown, no gavel
A hound, a rebel, down to battle
Now or never, or whenever, and the F for
"Fucking fantastic"—fuck if you agree
I'm bright, but I don't give a fuck if you see me

But oh, I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh, Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood

What's understood ain't got to be explained
So for those who understand, meet Dwayne
For eight and a half months, I gave Miss Cita pain
Now it's Young Money, baby—keep the change
My mama say, "Fuck 'em!" And we're the same
So hello, motherfucker, you got some sheets to change
And ain't it funny how people change like Easter Sunday?
You know, church fit, then outfit
Bright pink and green chest look house-lit
Bright pinky rings, but that ain't about this—what you 'bout, bitch?
Excuse my French emotion and my passion
But I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion
What are you asking? If I don't have the answer
It's probably on the web, like I'm a damn tarantula
But I know you don't understand
'Cause you thought Lil Wayne was Weezy, but Weezy is Wayne

But oh, I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh, Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood

I'm watching TV the other day, right? Got this white guy on there talking 'bout black guys. Talking about how young black guys are targeted. Targeted by who? America

You see, one in every one hundred Americans are locked up. One in every nine black Americans are locked up. And see, what the white guy was trying to stress was that the money that we spend on sending a motherfucker to jail, a young motherfucker to jail, would be less to send his or her young ass to college

See, and another thing the white guy was stressing was that our jails are populated with drug dealers. You know, crack cocaine? Yeah, stuff like that. Meaning, due to the laws we have on crack cocaine and regular cocaine, the police are... only... I don't want to say only right, but, shit... only logic by riding around in the hood all day, and not in the suburbs, because crack cocaine is mostly found in the hood. And um, you know, the other thing is mostly found—you know where I'm going... But why bring a motherfucker to jail if it's not gonna stand up in court? Because this drug ain't that drug. You know; Level 3, Level 4 drugs, shit like that

Mhm... I guess it's all a misunderstanding. And um, I sit back and think, well shit, us young motherfuckers, you know, that one in every nine: we probably only selling the crack cocaine just because we're in the hood, and it's not like your suburbs. We don't have the things that you have. Why? I really don't want to know the answer. But I guess we just misunderstood, huh? Yeah

You know we don't have room in the jail now for the real motherfuckers, the real criminals. You know: sex offenders, rapists, serial killers, shit like that. Oh, don't get scared, don't get scared. I know you saw one of them sex-offender papers! Don't trip, he live right on the end of your block, mhm. Yeah, that nigga live right down the street from you. Sex offender, on the Level 3 drug. Convicted, ex-con, yeah, check him out

And what you got? You got daughters, son. What you got? Yeah, well you know what? Don't stop the track. That's the good weed

You know what? I have a fucking daughter. You understand me? And why the fuck would you bring my neighbor to jail just because the reason why he live next door to me ain't the reason why I live next door to him? Meaning, he didn't rap his way to my fucking neighborhood. He sold crack cocaine to get to my neighborhood. You move him out, bring him to jail for life, and then, you move in a sex offender. Ha ha ha. Then give me a paper. Ha ha. Is that a misunderstanding? 'Cause I don't understand it

Another thing. Let me take my glasses off, 'cause I want to see the reaction on the faces when I say this. Uh... Mr. Al Sharpton: here's why I don't respect you, and nobody like you

Mhm, see, you're the type that gets off on getting on other people, ha ha. That's not good, no homo, and rather un-human, I should say. I mean, given the fact that humanity, well, good humanity, rather, to me, is helping one another, no matter your color or race. But this guy, and people like him, they'd rather speculate before they informate, if that's a word, ha ha. You know, "spec before check" anyway. Meaning, I'd much rather you talk to me first and see if you can learn an opinion before you make one. Just my thought of good humanity, Mr. Sharpton, ha ha

Hold on, I ain't finished with you man. Gotta pluck the ashes, mhm, hold on, um

Mr. Sharpton, and anyone like you: you don't know me. So, if you're not gonna try to, then what you say or think about me, or whatever I do, is totally Casper the Friendly Ghost to me. And, it doesn't make you a good person to criticize before you improvise. Doesn't necessarily make you a bad person neither, but the characteristics fall heavily into bad's way, ha ha!

But, since I am human, I am good and bad as well. But I try my hardest to stay good. And some of the things I do and say may be bad, or just not too good. But I do try. So with that said, I don't fault you. I mean, you're only human. Good or bad. But I also don't respect you, and I don't care if that's good or bad, ha ha

You see, you are no MLK, you are no Jesse Jackson. You are nobody to me. You're just another Don King... with a perm. Just a little more political. And that just means you're a little un-human than us humans. And now, let me be human, by saying "Fuck Al Sharpton and anyone like him".

Fuck if you understand me. I love being misunderstood. Ha ha. Why? 'Cause I live in the suburbs, but I come from the hood. Bring the hook in!

But oh, I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh, Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood

The hottest under the sun (who that?)
Ain't nobody fucking with me, man
And you already know that, pimping
Cash Money Records, where dreams come true
Fuck up my dream, somebody gon' die tonight
And you already know that, pimping
Aye, it's Cash Money Records, man, a lawless gang

Un-fucking-believable! Lil Wayne's the president
Fuck 'em, fuck 'em, fuck 'em, even if they celibate
I know the game is crazy, it's more crazy than it's ever been
I'm married to that crazy bitch; call me Kevin Federline
It's obvious that he'll be Cash Money 'til the death of him
The ground shall break when they bury him—bury him?
I know one day they got to bury him
Better lock my casket tight, baby, so I don't let the Devil in
People, it's just me and my guitar
Yeah, bitch, I'm heavy-metalling
You can get the fucking Led Zeppelin
Niggas is bitches, bitches, I think they're full of estrogen
And we hold court and take your life for a settlement
Yes, I am the best—and no, I ain't positive, I'm definite
I know the game like I'm reffing it
This is Tha Carter, Tha Carter 3, the New Testament
And I'm the God, and this is what I bless 'em with

Bitch, I'm me, I'm me, I'm me, I'm me
Baby, I'm me, so who you?
You're not me, you're not me
And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire
I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire
Yeah, Junior

It's Cash Money over everything
It's in my blood, I feel it running in every vein
I'm from the mud, I am a missile like a Scud
What's really good, I'm 'bout that ruckus like Fudd
And I stayed on my floor at Cash Money, like a rug
Tied to the fucking Birdman like a lug
And dear Mr. Ronald Williams
To you I shall forever give thanks like a pilgrim
Cash Money million-heir to the throne
Going at their heads, like hair in a comb
Sitting by the window, I just stare at the storm
Know I'll make it through it like hair in a comb
Young Money over bitches, my niggas trust my senses
And I will take a dasher as the Lord is my witness
And you all have witnessed, but I am not finished
So keep your mouth closed and let your eyes listen

Bitch, I'm me, I'm me, I'm me
Baby, I'm me, so who you?
You're not me, you're not me
And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire
I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm still a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire, bitch

Last year they had the Grammys and left me in Miami
Sleeping on a nigga like I'm rapping in my jammies
I'm rapping when you sleep
I was rapping when you were in jammies
Mel Gibson flow, Lethal Weapon, book 'em, Danny
I'm a monster, I tell you, Monster Wayne
I have just swallowed the key to the House of Pain
Now I'm stuck here to deal with the house's pain
Fuck with me, I will peel like the house's paint—let's go!
Niggas don't wanna see me 'cause I'm better in bold
The only time I will depend is when I'm 70 years old
That's when I can't hold my shit within, so I shit on myself
'Cause I'm so sick and tired of shitting on everybody else
I try to tell you like I'm saying something
I'm from the Dirty like the bottom of my pants cuff
And now nothing gonna stop me, so just envy it
Hey, I'll accept a friendly quit, ha ha

Bitch, I'm me, I'm me, bitch I'm me
Baby, I'm me, so who you?
Fuck you, you're not me
And I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire
I know that ain't fair, but I don't care
I'm a motherfucking Cash Money Millionaire, bitch!

The hottest under the sun (who that?)
Ain't nobody fucking with me, man
And you already know that, pimping
Cash Money Records, where dreams come true
(Who that?) Somebody gon' die tonight
And you already know that, pimping
Aye, it's Cash Money Records, man, a lawless gang